---
title: "Reaching Forth and Finishing Well"
date: "2020-01-01"

---

January 1st

Text: Philippians 3:13-14 (The 1599 Geneva Bible)

“Brethren, I count not myself that I have attained to it, but one thing I do: I forget that which is behind, and endeavor myself unto that which is before, and follow hard toward the mark, for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.”

Dear Friends, Today, as we start a new year, let us not make any New Year’s resolutions. What did you just say, you ask? Yes, you read right! Instead of making New Year’s resolutions, let us spend time before God and ask Him eight things and then listen for his answers.

How can I love You more this year?
How can I love my neighbors, bosses, co-workers, relatives, spouse, children, pets, and friends more this year?
What type of Bible plan and Bible reading can I start?
Who and what do You want me to pray for?
Who can I serve and minister to this year?
How can I get out of debt (if applicable), spend less, and give more to Your purposes this year?
Who can I share the Gospel with this year? If you do not know Jesus yet, why not start the year by asking Him into your heart and life right now?
What bad habit(s) can I ask You, God, and others for help with? Lose weight, spend less, get less angry, procrastinate less, gossip less, etc.
Today is a new day in a new year with a fresh start. Start small, even with baby steps, but finish well. The best words you can ever hear will be spoken to you by Jesus Himself if you are faithful: “Well done thou good and faithful servant, enter now into the joy of the Lord.”

Hymn (“With Gladsome Feet We Press”): “With gladsome feet we press to Zion’s holy mount, Where gushes from its deep recess the cooling fount; Oh, happy, happy hill, the joy of every saint! With sweet Siloam’s crystal rill, that cheers the faint. Great city, blest of God! Jerusalem the free! With ceaseless step the path be trod that leads to thee! The martyrs’ bleeding feet, the saints with woundless breast, Alike have sought thy golden seat to win their rest. There, calming all alarms, thy cross of love is traced, Outstretching salutary arms, to bless the waste; The sinner there can plead in ever listening ears; On hope and Thee, can sweetly feed, and dry his tears. So this our festal day celestial joy shall raise, While lips and hearts, conjoined, essay to hymn thy praise! The very stones shall ring, resound each holy wall, With Thee, Thyself the Rock, our Heaven, our All!”